copydir C:\Chris\MyProjects\FFRend\FFRend
include AviFileErrs.h
include AviToBmp.cpp
include AviToBmp.h
include BackBufDD.cpp
include BackBufDD.h
include Benchmark.cpp
include Benchmark.h
include BmpToAvi.cpp
include BmpToAvi.h
include BmpToAviCo.h
include BmpToAviErrs.h
include Clipboard.cpp
include Clipboard.h
include CtrlResize.cpp
include CtrlResize.h
include DirDrawErrs.h
include DirShowU.cpp
include DirShowU.h
include EditSliderCtrl.cpp
include EditSliderCtrl.h
include FileSearchDlg.cpp
include FileSearchDlg.h
include FolderDialog.cpp
include FolderDialog.h
include Hyperlink.cpp
include Hyperlink.h
include MessageBoxCheck.cpp
include MessageBoxCheck.h
include MidiIO.cpp
include MidiIO.h
include MissingFilesDlg.cpp
include MissingFilesDlg.h
include MultiFileDlg.cpp
include MultiFileDlg.h
include NoteEdit.cpp
include NoteEdit.h
include NumSpin.cpp
include NumSpin.h
include Oscillator.cpp
include Oscillator.h
include PathStr.cpp
include PathStr.h
include Persist.cpp
include Persist.h
include PersistDlg.cpp
include PersistDlg.h
include ReplaceFilesDlg.cpp
include ReplaceFilesDlg.h
include RowDialogRow.cpp
include RowDialogRow.h
include RunAvg.cpp
include RunAvg.h
include SubFileFind.cpp
include SubFileFind.h
include ToolDlg.cpp
include ToolDlg.h
include VersionInfo.cpp
include VersionInfo.h
include Video.cpp
include Video.h
include VideoComprDlg.cpp
include VideoComprDlg.h
include VideoComprList.cpp
include VideoComprList.h
include VideoComprState.cpp
include VideoComprState.h
include WObject.h
include Win32Console.cpp
include Win32Console.h
to .
